Are welcome back by the A-student.
So it's time for us to start playing around with our application a little bit right learning how to
create stuff how to read data and all that good stuff from the many to many relationship right.
All right cool.
So let's get going.
Let's go to the HP storm editor or to your editor.
Actually this is an idea guys get used to calling it a night.
Powell for I.D. one of the most powerful storm IDs.
Now if Giedd brains which is the company behind B-tree story wants to give me you know some money for
advertising their product that's OK I can I'll take something awry.
You know I mean I love PSAP story but if I get something from it I'm good.
Actually no they don't give me anything.
That's OK.
I don't want that.
I don't want anything.
I just recommend what's best for my students anyway.
So let's go ahead and create.
Let's see we actually need a user guys.
Right so let's go back to the PSP ad man.
PSP Kathman is create a user real quick actually.
Now that's one too many.
I mean literally that's the database table.
We've got to go too many too many if we can find it.
There we go.
It's create a user real quick and the user of course is going to be Edwin D.S. and coding faculty and
password 2:59 I don't recommend that we might change that later.
And I remember talking and I want you to remember me yet.
Maybe we'll talk about that when we go to the logon section of our course in when we're building a really
awesome application right guys.
All right.
So we gather user.
Let's go real quick to our routes because that's what we were using to just learn this stuff for now
.
Later on we're going to be using other cool things.
But right now we've got to go to route and we've got to create something right away.
Let's go ahead and create something.
I love creating.
All right cool.
Let's do.
Let's create a royal descent time attached.
Assign a user to that rule or assign a role to a user right.
So we're going to say create
function with a little closure there.
All right cool.
So I'm going to say we're going to hold this in a variable of course.
We got to find the user first and the user's name and all that stuff.
What would we have to find the user's name.
But we find the user by each ID and we can do the apps the namespace guys.
We're not going to do the namespace.
We're going to imported from the top we go imported right here.
Cool.
All right.
So how do we do this.
Well first of all we create the role right instantiated in this is very similar to one that we did already
.
So we could say new role.
This is the class.
Sometimes you leave it like this.
But if you have anything that you want to inject injected with we could in this case when injected with
an array and associative array that's going to have the role in there.
I hope you see what we're doing.
OK.
And then we say OK user I want you to grab your rolls and save this roll.
It would go awry.
OK.
Everything looks really good here.
Remember we can put this whole thing just to save.
We can pull this whole thing here and save a line of code about that.
Does it look better to you.
Make sure that you import these role model as well on top.
That looks good to me guys in two lines of code.
Look all we're doing with finding a user We're checking for it's relationship where we saving our relationship
.
Wow.
Unbelievable.
All right.
Let's go to create real quick and see if we get some type of error.
We didn't get any error guys love errors anyway.
Rowse we gather all insert it with the Create ing of day date time stamps.
Wow.
Well columns and they are type time stamps.
Wow guys.
Beautiful right.
Let's go to this let's go to the roll user and look at this.
We created the roll that we put it data in here the id the user id one in roll one we assign this user
a rule that it's beautiful eyes Ray.
Wow I'm amazed right amazed.
Beautiful.
So now you know how to create in a many to many relationship how to insert a role and how to to a user
already beautiful.
You can't you really cannot get better than this.
Thank you so much guys.
You are learning a lot.
I'm learning a lot by teaching you because the more I do this stuff the better.
It's in great in my brain.
All right.
So that's why I always tell you keep practicing practicing practicing.
Well I already know this stuff but the more I write it the more ideas I get about the things.
Anyway thank you so much for watching guys and I see you in that lecture